



CFRG                                                            V. Kalos
Internet-Draft                                                     MATTR
Intended status: Informational                          2 September 2023
Expires: 5 March 2024


                      BBS per Verifier Linkability
           draft-vasilis-bbs-per-verifier-linkability-latest

Abstract

   TODO Abstract

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 5 March 2024.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2023 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  Conventions and Definitions
   3.  Scheme Definition
     3.1.  Signature Generation and Verification
     3.2.  Proof Presentation with per-Origin ID
     3.3.  Proof with per-Origin ID Verification
   4.  Security Considerations
   5.  IANA Considerations
   Appendix A.  Acknowledgments
   Author's Address

1.  Introduction

   TODO Introduction

2.  Conventions and Definitions

   {::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

3.  Scheme Definition

3.1.  Signature Generation and Verification

3.2.  Proof Presentation with per-Origin ID

3.3.  Proof with per-Origin ID Verification

4.  Security Considerations

   TODO Security

5.  IANA Considerations

   This document has no IANA actions.

Appendix A.  Acknowledgments

   TODO acknowledge.

Author's Address

   Vasilis Kalos
   MATTR
   Email: vasilis.kalos@mattr.global
